docs/frontend/README.md, before:

# Frontend

The styles are built using [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/),
and utilizes the [Skin Tailwind library](https://github.com/bayfrontmedia/skin).

For Skin documentation, visit: https://bayfrontmedia.github.io/skin/

JavaScript is built using [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/).

## npm 

This app utilizes the following npm scripts:

- `npm run watch:styles` - Watch styles
- `npm run build:styles` - Build styles (unminified)
- `npm run build:styles:prod` - Build styles (minified)
- `npm run watch:webpack` - Watch scripts (development mode)
- `npm run build:webpack` - Build scripts (unminified, development mode)
- `npm run build:webpack:prod` - Build scripts (minified, production mode)
- `npm run build:prod` - Build minified scripts and styles

## JavaScript

This app utilizes Webpack to build the JavaScript file(s).

### app.js

This is the default JavaScript file to be used with this app. Skin is initialized from this file.

### Modules

The following modules are included with this app:

- [bones](/docs/frontend/modules/bones.md)

Commit message:

v4.0.0 (#4)
* Removed Monolog library

* Cleanup

* Removed app version config

* Added web app service

* Removed scheduler service

* Cleanup error controller

* Moved resources to webapp service

* Cleanup Veil view

* Updated filters

* Updated documentation

* Updated docs

* Updated templates

* Updated documentation

* Updated views

* Updated documentation

* Removed old license file

* Updated changelog

docs/frontend/README.md, after:

# Frontend

The styles are built using [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/).

JavaScript is built using [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/).

## npm 

This app utilizes the following npm scripts:

- `npm run watch:styles` - Watch styles
- `npm run build:styles` - Build styles (unminified)
- `npm run build:styles:prod` - Build styles (minified)
- `npm run watch:webpack` - Watch scripts (development mode)
- `npm run build:webpack` - Build scripts (unminified, development mode)
- `npm run build:webpack:prod` - Build scripts (minified, production mode)
- `npm run build:prod` - Build minified scripts and styles

## JavaScript

This app utilizes Webpack to bundle the JavaScript file(s).

### app.js

This is the default JavaScript file to be used with this app.

To initialize the app, use:

```html
<script>
    let version = '{{app.version}}';
    App.init(version);
</script>
```

This will enable theme detection and locale changing.

### Modules

The following modules are included with this app:

- [theme](modules/theme.md)
